---
layout: post
title:  "Dell服务器抓取日志"
date:   2015-12-22 星期二  11:31:08    
categories: jekyll update
---

###执行日志脚本###

	192.168.8.150 [~] 2015-12-22 11:16:31
	root@pts/0 # cd /share/perdir/chaichuan/dell/
	
	192.168.8.150 [/share/perdir/chaichuan/dell] 2015-12-22 11:16:41
	root@pts/0 # ./dell-dset-lx64-3.7.0.219.bin

	DELL END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT - TYPE A
	APPLICATION SOFTWARE 

	THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR AN ENTITY) AND DELL PRODUCTS L.P., A TEXAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, OR DELL GLOBAL B.V.
 	(SINGAPORE BRANCH), ON BEHALF OF DELL INC. AND ITS WORLDWIDE SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, "Dell" OR "DELL"), WHICH GOVERNS YOUR USE
	 OF THE SOFTWARE. THE SOFTWARE SHALL MEAN COLLECTIVELY THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM, THE ASSOCIATED MEDIA, PRINTED MATERIALS, ONLINE OR ELECTRONIC DOCUMEN
	TATION, AND ANY COPIES THEREOF, TO WHICH THIS AGREEMENT IS ATTACHED OR OTHERWISE ASSOCIATED (the "Software" or "SOFTWARE").  PLEASE READ THE TERMS
 	AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
	.....
	.....
	END OF DOCUMENT

	 Do you agree to the above license terms? ('y' for yes | 'Enter' to exit): y
	Loading the Menu, please wait ...
	Dell System E-Support Tool (DSET 3.7.0) Options:


	Choose an option:
	
	        1) View DSET Release Notes 
	         Show the latest DSET release notes.
	
	        2) Create a One-Time Local System DSET Report 
	         Creates a Local System DSET report.
	         Note: This option does not permanently install DSET on the system.
	
	        3) Install/Upgrade DSET and Remote Provider (Recommended)
	         Installs required components to generate reports for local and remote systems and also remote report collection
	         from this system.
	
	        4) DSET 
	         Installs required components to generate report for remote systems.
	
	        5) Remote Provider 
	         Installs required components to allow reports to be generated from a remote system against this system.
	
	        6) Clear Dell Hardware Logs 
	         Clears the Dell Hardware logs (ESM logs) from the system.
	         Note: This option does not permanently install DSET on the system.
	
	        7) Quit
	         Exits the installation process
	
	Enter option (1-7): 2
	
	
	Preparing DSET components to create a report, please wait ...
	Choose an option:
	
	Do you want to collect info for all hardware categories [y|n]:y
	
	Do you want to collect info for all storage categories [y|n]:y
	
	Do you want to collect info for all software categories [y|n]:y
	
	Do you want to collect linux log files [y|n]:y
	
	Do you want to collect advanced log files [y|n]:y
	
	Do you want to store this report in a default name and location [y|n]:y
	
	Do you want to enable report filtering (For more information, see the User's Guide) [y|n]:n
	
	Do you want to upload the report on request to Dell Technical Support after the report is generated [y|n]:n



	Dell System E-Support Tool, Version 3.7.0
	@2004-2014 Dell Inc. All Rights Reserved.
	
	* Gathering Chassis information...
	* Gathering Storage information...
	* Gathering Software information...
	* Gathering Advanced Logs...
	   This may take several minutes based on your system configuration setup.
	* Gathering System Summary information...
	* Preparing and Compressing Report...
	* Saving DSET CIM report to path: /root with report file name: DSET-Report-for-[192.168.8.150-SvcTag-J1V2BX1-PE-R720]-on-12-22-2015-at-11.17-AM.zip
	Cleaning up DSET deployed components .... [ Please wait ]


###日志抓取完成###


问题：

如果抓取时报如下证书验证错误，

	Dell System E-Support Tool, Version 3.7.0
	@2004-2014 Dell Inc. All Rights Reserved.
	
	
	Unable to continue the process, because the certificate could not be successfully validated.
	For further information about Certificate validation process see "Credential-less CIMOM authentication" section of Release Notes.
	To continue the process, enter Linux password and retry. Do you want to continue [y/n]? y
	
	Please enter "root" password:
	Cleaning up DSET deployed components .... [ Please wait ]

请检查selinux是否关闭

	root@pts/1 # cat /etc/selinux/config 

或者

	root@pts/1 # setenforce 0